General Government Debt data shows the value, percentage of GDP, of the debt from year 1996 to 2018. Original data can be extracted from https://data.oecd.org/gga/general-government-debt.htm.  
The website provides a bar chart to depict the values of debt in 2015, and the graph is simple and informative. It does not contain unnecessary ingredients, and shows a clearly comparison among countries. It is one of the best way to graph the data for one specific year.  
To picture the whole data, from 1996 to 2018, I chose two ways using Rawgraphs.  
The first one is BeeSwarms. Beeswarm shows a rather clear value for each country at each year, it is, however, dull and a little bit complecated to look at. Circles deviate from each other making comparison of value among coutnries unnecessarily hard. Furthermore, adding color serves little to no purpose as circles deviate from each other so it is easy to identify which is which.
The second method I choose is Streamgraph. Streamgraph looks fancy, and gives audience a quick grasp on the big picture. It is, however, a little bit difficult to navigate as the labelings are everywhere, making identifying layers unnecessarily hard. Moreover, color serves purposes, but only in the sense of distinguishing one from another. Level of value cannot be displayed using color as not only the data is a time-series, but also it will make identifying layers nearly impossible. All in all, it is a good chart format as it looks beautiful and informative, but it lacks certaina aspect that prevent it from being the best chart.  
  
    
[Back to portfolio homepage](https://barrychen825.github.io/chen-portfolio/)
